#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass extbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
customHeadersFooters
enumitem
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 3
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref page
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.5cm
\topmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip smallskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Group 4
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Bönhof Matthias (04 July 1983)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Durrer Simon (29 August 1989)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Müller Tim (04 March 1988)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Züger Isabel (24 October 1990)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is abstract!!!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Piano Roll Scanner
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
User Manual
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Usage of the Scanner: After opening the velocity module the roll has to
 be mounted onto both roll holders.
 It is also possible to scan an endless role.
 To do this the roll has to be unrolled inside a basket and the Piano Roll
 Scanner should be placed on a sideboard where it is easy to place the endless
 roll between the velocity module.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the program on the computer the user can then select the type of the
 roll and additional options.
 This is necessary to enable software for analyzing the image data gathered
 through the scanner.
 With pressing the start button the Piano Roll Scanner starts its work and
 reads the roll to the internal pixel format.
 For a 76
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

yards (~
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

70
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

m) roll the scanning will take about 30
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

minutes.
 For shorter rolls the time is proportionally shorter.
 After the complete scan the software can analyze the pixel data to get
 the stamp positions and exports them to an XML-file.
 Additionally it could be possible to help manually in the analyzing process
 and correct or solve problems.
 When the analyzation is finished the software outputs a file with the statistic
s of the processing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "key-4"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
