#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass extbook
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
customHeadersFooters
enumitem
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 3
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref page
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.5cm
\topmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip smallskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Group 4
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Piano Roll Scanner Timescheduler
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Introduction"

\end_inset

Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
You introduce the problem to the reader so that the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

big-picture
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 is known to the one that will read this document till the end.
 In this part of the document you prove your skills providing the essence
 of the information that is readable and understandable for non-technical
 personnel too.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
key "key-1"

\end_inset

eely.
 [WWW Document], 2012.
 URL http://inkscape.org/
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
label "LyX"
key "Lyx"

\end_inset

LyX | LyX – The Document Processor [WWW Document], 2012.
 URL http://www.lyx.org/
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
label "Ipe"
key "Ipe"

\end_inset

The Ipe extensible drawing editor [WWW Document], 2012.
 URL http://ipe7.sourceforge.net/ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
label "TechnicalDocs"
key "Technical Writing"

\end_inset

Tips for Writing Technical Papers [WWW Document], 2012.
 URL http://infolab.stanford.edu/~widom/paper-writing.html 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
label "Seatovic"
key "Seatovic"

\end_inset

 PhD Thesis, Unpublished, D.
 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
v{S}eatovi
\backslash
'{c}
\end_layout

\end_inset

, 2012
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
label "Zotero"
key "Zotero"

\end_inset

Zotero | Home [WWW Document], 2012.
 URL http://www.zotero.org/ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Bibliography
\begin_inset CommandInset bibitem
LatexCommand bibitem
label "Einstein"
key "Einstein"

\end_inset

Albert Einstein - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia [WWW Document], 2012.
 .
 URL https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Einstein 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
